11 minas on duty had the police online
after investigations reached one of the
suspicions about the assault that occurred on
August 26 at the bakery next to
guaxupé bus terminal
we rely on the help of the
monitoring is by video of the
commercial establishment that recorded the
action of the duo who carried out the robbery.
in that bakery and from the images the
our our researchers
worked the information and arrived
until the residence of the principal if
the suspects of the perpetrators of this theft and
in the residence in conversation with the father of
one with the father of one of them he
entrance to the residence delivered the blouse
that would have been used that was in the
filming and in conversation with himself
declined where the weapon was hidden
which was used for the commission of the
theft the cops found the gun
on a vacant lot in front of the
suspect investigated and from there he
confessed to the practice of robbery that he
has a history yes he already has other
passages and is known in the
police and what are the other
passages in the year does not have the
is related to this case but it already has
traffic theft
and was at liberty
temporary custody of the prison
preventive
enacts his probation will be
taken immediately to the prison
from Guaxupe Guaranésia Vinícius da Silva
20-year-old teixeira confessed to crime in
Late today how was the action as you
arrived and approached handsets when
It lacked an effect fall into the pear
customers came accident following yields
the boy was in the cashier and asked for money
account
hence he gave the money went away and to
where they were soon after the action which
It's the way you made the journey.
to your house to your house
I left home and went to
Keila house and any reaction
after the assault a personal reaction
because he felt at the time I was crazy about
drug I felt so little of
difficult repentance from others
credible but true yes beginning of
all that I did in an interview you did not
wanted to cover his face wanted to show that
Talk because that's what I have to
condemned those who resemble God
they also had all the others that I
sorry maybe tomorrow when i left
on the street much regret and I can see myself giving
An opportunity for me, I ask for forgiveness.
boy I stole my mother my father
that everything is going to change
you're sorry it's been done so much
what do you think of the future and then leave
of prison in hand service come out of this life
that I was worth one of
service both good service service
all drugs are you because you
practiced robbery, what was the reason
to fall in the corner of drug the civil police
will continue with the investigations to
find the other suspect he does not
declined the name of his comparsa né
He decided to keep it secret with in
secret that the investigations will
Continue
Yes, his pre-trial detention was
decreed and is now being held captive.
it is easier for the police to proceed
recognition
and more information about the
of this robbery
who wants to have a partner a fan
I will not assume who you are alone
alone in that I was in the hallway
and hear what you asked for a police officer
send a message to the owner of the
bakery who asked to speak to her
We did not want to say it's too much for
hard for him will want to excuse me
if I was under the influence of drugs and
when I leave the house and I'll cover the
I made goal gave him the injury
strong moral prejudice, right?
now you should be scared not
work right
It depends largely